update to Julia v1.6 (#438)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: NEWS.md

  were actually using the logic of `flux_godunov`. Thus, they were renamed accordingly
  in [#493](https://github.com/trixi-framework/Trixi.jl/pull/493). This is considered a bugfix
  (released in Trixi v0.3.22).

> - The supported version of Julia is updated to v1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The required Julia version is updated to v1.6.
```
"supported" just sounded to me like we're expanding support, while really we are just shifting it
